Activities: 
An Activity is a single screen with a user interface that the user can interact with. 
It is a fundamental building block of an Android application. 
Each Activity typically corresponds to a specific screen or user interface within an application.

Fragments: 
Fragments are reusable UI components that can be combined with other Fragments to create a flexible user interface. 
They are similar to Activities, but they can be added, removed, and replaced dynamically at runtime. 
Fragments are often used to create more complex layouts for tablets or larger screen devices.

Intents: 
Intents are objects that facilitate communication between different components within an Android application or between different applications. 
Intents can be used to start a new Activity, pass data between Activities or Fragments, or trigger system actions, such as sending a message or opening a web page.

Views: 
Views are the building blocks of the user interface in an Android application. 
They represent the visual elements that the user interacts with, such as buttons, text fields, and images. 
Views can be added to an Activity or Fragment programmatically or via XML layout files

These components are essential to understand when building an Android application, as they allow developers to create a rich and dynamic user interface
and provide a way to communicate between different parts of the application or with other applications on the device.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Layouts: 
Layouts are XML files that define the visual structure and appearance of an Android application's user interface. 
Layouts are used to arrange Views and other UI elements on the screen.

Adapters: 
Adapters are used to populate Views, such as a ListView or RecyclerView, with data. 
Adapters provide a bridge between the data source and the UI, allowing the data to be displayed in a structured and organized way.

Services: 
Services are background tasks that run independently of the user interface. 
They are used to perform tasks that require long-running operations or to run tasks in the background, even when the application is not actively in use.

Broadcast receivers: 
Broadcast receivers are components that listen for system-wide events or broadcasts. 
They are used to respond to events such as when the device is connected to the internet, a phone call is received, or the battery is low.

Content Providers: 
Content Providers are components that allow access to data stored in a database or other data source. 
They provide a standardized interface for accessing and manipulating data from within an application or from other applications.

--------------------------------------
Multi-Threading

HandlerThread is a class in the Android framework that provides a convenient way to start a new thread that has a Looper. A Looper allows a thread to receive and process messages sent to it from other threads. It is typically used for performing long-running background tasks that may interact with the UI.

Thread is a class in Java that represents a thread of execution. It provides the basic functionality to create and start a new thread. Thread is a low-level construct and does not provide any higher-level abstractions for managing concurrency.

ExecutorService is an interface in Java's java.util.concurrent package that provides a high-level abstraction for managing concurrency. It provides a way to submit tasks for execution asynchronously and manages a pool of threads to execute those tasks. ExecutorService provides several methods for submitting tasks, such as submit(), invokeAll(), and invokeAny().

In summary, HandlerThread is a convenient way to start a new thread that has a Looper, Thread is a low-level construct for managing threads, and ExecutorService is a high-level abstraction for managing concurrency. They all serve different purposes and can be used in different scenarios depending on the requirements of the application.

ExecutorService executor = Executors.newSingleThreadExecutor();

executor.execute(new Runnable() {
    @Override
    public void run() {
        // Code to be executed on a separate thread
        // ...
    }
});

// Shutdown the executor when you're done with it
executor.shutdown();

There are other ways to implement multithreading in Java, such as using the following:

Callable and Future interfaces
Fork/Join framework
CompletableFuture class
Timer and TimerTask classes for scheduling tasks to run at specific times
Using synchronized and volatile keywords for shared variables between threads
However, the first three methods you mentioned (Thread class, Executor Service, and Handler Thread) are some of the most commonly used and versatile ways to implement multithreading in Java.
-------------------------------------------
